docs: merge library and installation docs for nodejs (#7567)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/ci.md

   behavior in most CI providers.)
1. Set `PLAYWRIGHT_BROWSERS_PATH=0` as the environment variable before running
   `npm install`. This will download the browser binaries in the `node_modules`

>    directory and cache them with the package code. [More details](./library.md#managing-browser-binaries).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   directory and cache them with the package code. See [managing browser binaries](./library.md#managing-browser-binaries).
```
